git-scp: add page (#9385)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-scp.md

# git scp

> Copy files from the current working tree to the working directory of a remote repository.

> > Internally this script uses rsync and not scp as the name suggests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this line is necessary as we allow a maximum of 2 lines of page description and 1 for more information link although there are some exceptions. If you think this is an essential line apply the change below.

```suggestion
> Internally this script uses `rsync` and not `scp` as the name suggests.
```

> > Internally this script uses rsync and not scp as the name suggests.
> > Part of `git-extras`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Part of `git-extras`. Uses `rsync` to transfer files.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-scp>.

> - Copy unstaged files to remote:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Copy unstaged files to a remote:
```

Optional change: no such style guide requirement exists.

> - Copy unstaged files to a remote:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy unstaged files to a specific remote:
```

> `git scp staging`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git scp {{remote_name}}`
```

> - Copy staged and unstaged files to remote:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Copy staged and unstaged files to a remote:
```

Optional change: no such style guide requirement exists.

> `git scp staging HEAD`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git scp {{remote_name}} HEAD`
```

> - Copy files that has been changed in the last commit, plus any staged or unstaged files to remote:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Copy files that has been changed in the last commit and any staged or unstaged files to a remote:
```

Optional change: no such style guide requirement exists.

`git scp staging HEAD~1`

> - Copy specific files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy specific files to a remote:
```

> `git scp staging {{path/to/file1}}...{{path/to/filen}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git scp staging {{path/to/file1 file2 ... filen}}`
```
I guess this can be used here

Author: This can be n no. of files. Don't you think the previous syntax give more clarity.

Author: > There can be n no. of files. Also the path can different for different files. 
Don't you think the previous syntax give more clarity?

Reviewer: I am not sure, We generally use these multiple command arguments but we have been using it for files and directories too recently, It isn't documented in the style guide. So I will ask other's opinions.

cc @navarroaxel @EmilySeville7cfg

Reviewer 3: If `...` is a mandatory syntax part of the command then we can leave the current code example as is without modification.

Author: > If `...` is a mandatory syntax part of the command then we can leave the current code example as is without modification. But at the end of the day @pg99696 should decide what is better based on our opinions. ;)

It's not mandatory, there can be 1 to N no. of files in the command. Please check this doc page for your reference. 
https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-scp

> `git scp staging {{path/to/file1}}...{{path/to/fileN}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git scp {{remote_name}} {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`
```

> - Copy specific directory:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Copy a specific directory:
```

Optional change: no such style guide requirement exists.

> - Copy a specific directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy a specific directory to a remote:
```

> `git scp staging {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git scp {{remote_name}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```
